[Music]
by gathering in beijing we are focusing
world attention on issues that matter
most in our lives the lives of women
and their families
i believe that now on the eve of a new
millennium
it is time to break the silence
it is time for us to say here in beijing
and for the world to hear that it is no
longer acceptable to discuss
women's rights as separate from human
rights
it is a violation of human rights when a
leading cause of death
worldwide among women ages 14
to 44 is the violence they are subjected
to
in their own homes by their own
relatives
it is a violation of human rights
when young girls are brutalized by the
painful
and degrading practice of genital
mutilation
it is a violation of human rights when
women
are denied the right to plan their
own families and that includes being
forced to have abortions or being
sterilized against
their will
if there is one message that echoes
forth from this
conference let it be that human rights
are women's rights and women's rights
are
human rights once and for all
[Applause]
[Music]
you